I think the assignment is already uploaded, right?
Did you see that?
Yes, I've seen it. Uh, I didn't open it yet.
Okay. I think it's the same.
Same what, what else are told in the last
logical regression and linear regression.
Okay.
Yeah, that's the same one. Uh, nothing different.
Hello everyone. Uh,
today's lab assignment is already posted in the LMS
and also description is also there.
According to it. You have to do it.
Okay? Yeah. Thank you.
Thanks man.
The file, which I have downloaded from kale is
of 60 kb.
Can someone confirm?
Uh, sir asked us to download from GitHub.
GitHub. You have downloaded yet. What is the size of it?
Um, I haven't checked yet.
Mine is having 8 91 rows only. Only 60 kb.
That's the reason I ask.
Uh, can you try to download it from the GitHub?
Yeah, yeah, sure. Let me run it.
I have downloaded from the GitHub,
it's also coming approximately somewhere
around 59 KB or something like that.
59 k. No, lemme try. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you both.
Let try to,
I think in detail file it has total 8 91 records.
Okay. Okay. 8 91 records. So same.
I am getting there also. Yeah. Yeah.
Much. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Thank you for confirming.
Hi. I just joined. Um, what's happening?
Assignment has been mentioned in LMS.
Uh, you can go through it and start doing the work.
Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Anyt easier here.
Yes. Hi ma'am. Uh, just wanted a clarification.
I like, uh, for the linear regulation
and both values, uh, print is enough
or we need to plot anything and Sure.
So if you plot it is good so that it is, uh,
understable better.
Oh, okay.
Hey, anybody on the call?
Uh, is the second part of the question. Okay.
Is it even doable? That is the ages dependent
and survival that's independent.
Mm-hmm. Yes. Uh, it's coming.
So like we are actually predicting age
based on survival flag. Is it?
Yes. Okay. Some of that doesn't sound right.
Yeah, that doesn't sound right.
When I asked her in class, he mentioned to do it that way.
Oh, okay. Yeah, we can still do it.
It won't fail, but yeah, some of that doesn't sound right.
Okay, cool. Right.
Yeah. Not logical. Yeah. Okay. Because,
Uh, the mail will be on the left side
and the will the right side.
Simple. My thing will, so the data is very screwed.
True. Because like, see if it just gives, uh, as like one
or zero or s or no, how will you predict the issue, right?
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, sure.
That's the reason you'll get our square value very low.
I'm thankful it is not a graded assignment.
Yeah, mine is done. So I have uploaded it.
Yeah. At the end it show us a weak relationship. So Yeah.
Yeah. It is a, it is a 0.0 something R square,
but we need to check whether the definition,
problem definition is correct or not.
So in the, so I'm dropping off,
so TA is there?
Yes. Yes. Okay. You can drop. Yeah. Thank you.
Anyone tried using this, uh,
in using uh, neural networks?
The same problem.
Didn't have the courage to do that?
Uh, uh, I just have a doubt. Where do we find the dataset?
The Titanic dataset?
Yes. GitHub. Is there,
Uh, is there a link to the report?
No, just you can search in the Google.
Okay. Titanic, uh, dot cse data file.
First link will, you can get it.
Or also I'll be sharing in the chat bar.
Oh, okay. Thank you so much.